# Introduction
Deep water formation, spreading of deep water, upwelling of deep water, and near-surface currents lead to a circulation concept that involves a system of vertical compensating cells in all oceanic basins: the meridional overturning circulation (MOC). In other words, the MOC is a large-scale oceanic circulation that encompasses wind-driven and thermohaline circulations. It has an essential role in the climate system, mainly because it is responsible for the meridional heat transport in the ocean, in other words, it is responsible for an important part of the Earth´s heat balance. The horizontal divergence in the heat transport added to the temporal rate of change of the oceanic heat content can control the heat exchanges in the air-sea interface. These exchanges occurred mainly through the latent heat flux and sensible heat flux; thus, they also have a fundamental role in the climate and weather. The purpose of this study is to investigate how the variability in the MOC upper branch in the South Atlantic affects the heat exchange in terms of the horizontal advection and fluxes through the air-sea interface. We will use recent outputs from the Community Earth System Model version 2 (CESM2) Large Ensemble Community Project (CESM2-LE). This large ensemble consists of 100 members at 1-degree spatial resolution covering the period from 1850 to 2100, which allows a more robust and precise investigation of long-term trends. Furthermore, by adding small perturbations to the initial state of the ocean and atmosphere, the ensemble covers a variety of states for the MOC: strengthening, weakening, and intermediate states. We will compare the difference of each MOC state in the South Atlantic heat balance, focusing on the surface heat budget. Finally, by relying on different conditions of the MOC and long time series, this proposal has an approach that is crucial to assess long-term MOC variability in the South Atlantic and its possible impacts on the climate.

Each notebook of this directory has an introduction in which we detail the purposes, the methods used, the result we hope to obtain, and references.  
